Document as-array and as-object (#644)
derbyjs/derby: docs/views/template-syntax/view-attributes.md

this.modal.close();
```

### `as-array` attribute

> Similar to the `as` attribute, a property with the name of the attribute value is made available on the component but in this case is an `array`. Used by views in a `each` block to provide a reference in the controller to the individual item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `as` attribute, a property with the provided name is made available on the component, but in this case the value is an array of multiple references. This is useful in an `each` block, to provide a reference in the controller to every individual item.
```

```jinja
{{each items as #item, #index}}
  <input as-array="itemEditor">{{#item}}</input>
{{/each}}
```

```js
this.itemEditor[index]; // references the Component or DOM element for item at `index`
```

### `as-object` attribute

> Similar to the `as-array` attribute, a property with the name of the attribute value is made available on the component. This attribute takes a second argument that is the proptery key to use as the property on the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the `as-array` attribute, a property with the provided name is made available on the component, but with the value being a map-like object. The second argument to `as-object` specifies the key for each entry.
```

```jinja
<ul>
  {{each _page.items as #item}}

>     <li as-object="listItems, #item.id">{{#item.name}}

Reviewer: Missing closing `</li>` tag here

  {{/each}}

> </ul>v

Reviewer: 🧹 Remove extraneous `v`
